Skill name=Demon king slashing blow (Q)
Skill description=Suppress the enemy with turbulent swordsmanship. When activated, it will trigger one of the following 3 effects. ①/②/③.
　①: If the target is stunned, continuously stab them, dealing *17 agility and stunning them for 1.5 seconds.
　②: When okita's health is less than or equal to 40%, she instantly jumps behind the enemy triggering the ③ effect, dealing *14 agility and stunning them for 1.5 seconds.
　③: Command goblins on the field to carry out an assault. Within 6 seconds, increase the goblins' attack speed by 100% and 200 points of movement speed. If the target dies, they will return to the flag and continue to guard.
Skill type: Single target
Damage type: physical damage
Casting distance: 1200
Skill cooldown: 8s

Skill name=Flying furious lightning breaker (W)
Skill description=Quickly retreat and attack from a blind spot, inflicting agility *12 and stunning for 1.5 seconds on enemies passing through. During the retreat, you cannot be selected (projectile evasion?).
Skill type: ground target
Damage type: physical damage
Physical level: LV2
Casting distance: 1200
Maximum distance: 900
Skill cooldown: 12s

Skill name=Unstoppable shinsengumi diamond thruster (E)
Skill description=Stabs forward at great speed, causing damage equal to *12 agility and stunning for 1.5 seconds to enemies passing through. If the stab is stopped or was missed, you can use the "Almighty back hop" for 2 seconds.
　[Dragonpiercer]: Raise the blade to point to the middle of the opponent's left eye to increase the physical level and maximum distance. Every 0.3 seconds of charging will increase the damage by Agility*3. When charged for 1.8 seconds or when reactivating, okita stabs forward, stopping the passing enemy for 1 second and dealing Agility*8 and stunning for 2.5 seconds.
Skill type: ground target
Damage type: physical damage
Physical grade: LV2/LV3
Casting distance: full map
Maximum distance: 900/1600
Skill cooldown: 9s

Skill name=Almighty back hop ​​(E-E)
Skill description=Quickly retreat 450 yards and gain 1 mana. During the retreat, you cannot be selected (projectile evasion?).
Skill type: Click
Skill cooldown: 0s


Skill name=Haori of Oath (R)
Skill description=After 0.8 seconds of charging, Yuori is released, and the ability parameters are sublimated, Okita is ready to kick ass. The skill lasts for 8 seconds.
　①: "Unstoppable shinsengumi diamond thruster" can trigger the "Dragonpiercer" effect.
　②: Increase the mana limit by 2 points and gain 1 mana.
　③: Increases agility by 5, and for every 10% of missing health, gain another extra 5 agility.
Skill type: Click
Skill cooldown: 24s

Skill name=Cancer (D)
Skill description=Okita is dying of cancer.
　①: When health is ≥60%, increase agility by 10 points and maximize movement speed. If the "Flying furious lightning breaker" does not hit the enemy, it will cause tuberculosis, lose 15% of current health and get stunned for 1.5 seconds.
②: When self blood volume ≤ 40%, increase the damage received by 15% and expand the influence of "Goblin Aid" to the entire map. Killing any hero will reduce the cooldown of ''Demon Sprint Strike Throatslicer'' cooldown by 50 seconds
Skill type: passive effect

Skill name= Windcutting shinsengumi footwork(F)
Skill description=A technology that closely combines many phenomena such as footwork, bodywork, breathing, and focus, instantly shortening the distance between the opponent and Okita.
　[Passive; Sonic blink]: Any skill that hits the enemy will provide okita with 1 mana. You can use the A key to consume 1 mana to teleport up to 400 yards, and store up to 2 mana points.
[Active; KOI]: Expand the mind and eye to perceive the surrounding attacks, dodge a single damage of ≥200 points within 0.6 seconds and approach the enemy from behind, slashing at the neck of the source of damage with swift speed, knocking the surrounding enemies outward and dealing agility *12 damage and 1.5 seconds of stun.
Skill type: Click
Damage type: physical damage
Defense level: LV2
Range of influence: 450
Skill cooldown: 12s

Skill name=Goblin Aid (T)
Skill description=After charging for 1.2 seconds, insert the flag of the goblin crew into the ground, and summon 5 goblins who guard the flag within the flag range. The group members have 400 attack power and are in the spirit state (cannot be hit). The flag lasts for 20 second.
Skill type: Click
Scope of influence: 2000
Skill cooldown: 80s

Skill name=[The Profound Meaning] Demon Sprint Strike Throatslicer (G)
Skill description=Use Shuchi to keep a distance from the enemy, and use unparalleled speed and skill to display the killing magic sword. The "crash" caused by the part of the sword tip will cause damage to the enemy equal to agility *40 and a stun of 2 seconds. .
Skill type: single target
Damage type: physical damage
Casting range: 150
Skill cooldown: 200s

Art:Pineapple blade
Description=The knife worn by Soji Okita during his lifetime.
　①: Saturation of events (Profound meaning):Unlocks [The Profound Meaning] Demon Sprint Strike Throatslicer (G)
　②: Sonic blink (passive): Increase the skill limit by 1 point.
　③: Sword of Speed ​​(Passive): Gain 1 mana after missing "Flying furious lightning breaker".
