Q - Icicle Impale

Description: After a 1.3 second charge time, pierce the surrounding area with icicles, dealing INTx28 damage. During the charge time, Len cannot be damaged or stunned by certain abilities.
Skill type: Instant cast
Damage type: Magic
Skill level: 3
Affected area: 450
Cooldown: 16s

W - Waltz

Description: Once activated, Len will begin to spin. While spinning, Len damages nearby enemies for INTx3 and slows for 45% every 0.2 seconds and protects herself with a LVL 2 shield. The slow lasts for 2 seconds and the spin lasts for 6 seconds. Casting W while spinning will cancel the spell.
Skill type: Instant cast
Damage type: Magic
Shield level: 2
Affected area: 400
Cooldown: 18s

E - Snow Dash

Description: Dash in the targeted direction, dragging any enemy caught in your path with you. During the dash, enemies take AGIx0.3 damage every 0.02 seconds and receive a 1 second stun (if they aren't dragged with you). After reaching maximum dash distance, deal AGIx20 damage to all enemies and stun for 2 seconds.
Skill type: Ground targeted
Damage type: Physical
Skill level: 2
Casting Range: 1200
Maximum Dash Distance: 1200 
Cooldown: 18s

R - Dream Bubble

Description: After a 0.6 second cast time, shoot out a projectile in the targeted direction that puts any enemies in it's path to sleep for 4 seconds (slept enemies wake up when they receive any damage). If R is casted again while the projectile is still flying, Len will teleport to the projectile's currant  position and go invisible for 3 seconds while creating a "fake" in her old position (the fake will vanish if it receives any damage).
Skill type: Ground targeted/instant cast
Cast Distance: 2800
Projectile Maximum Range: 2800
Cooldown: 29s

D - Butterfly Dream

Description: Quickly dash in the targeted direction, creating 3 afterimages behind you that knock enemies forward in the direction of the dash for 560 units, dealing AGIx6 damage (each afterimage deals it's own knockback and damage).
Skill type: Ground targeted
Damage type: Physical
Casting Range: 950
Maximum Dash Range: 950 
Cooldown: 19s

F - Pure White Bloom

Description: After casting, Len jumps back slightly and throws icicles at the targeted area, freezing enemies in the affected area for 1 second and dealing INTx3 for every ice shard that lands (maximum DMG = 1743). The affected area becomes frozen, slowing all enemies in it for 70% and after a 3 second period, everyone still in the area will take INTx20 damage and become frozen for 2 seconds.
Skill type: Ground Targeted
Damage type: Magic Damage
Skill level: 1
Casting Range: 1000
Affected Area: 400
Cooldown: 22s 

T - Fake Out

Description: For 1 second after activation, casting Q, E, R or D will fake the casting of the selected skill, as well as put you into your cat form (T-Q). The faked skill plays it's animation but has none of it's effects, it also does not put the faked skill on cooldown. The faked skill is performed by a fake Len that dissappears after receiving any damage. The fake lasts for 4 seconds.
Skill type: Instant Cast
Cooldown: 25s

T-Q - Cat Pounce

Description: After faking a skill with T, Len becomes an invisible cat with maximum movement speed and 1 skill for 8 seconds. The skill is a ground targeted dash that deals INTx18 damage and stuns for 2 seconds to the first target it collides with.
Skill type: Ground targeted
Damage type: Physical
Skill level: 1 
Casting Range: 800
Maximum Distance: 800
Cooldown: 10s

G - Frozen World

Description: After a ~5 second channel time (during which you can't be targeted), freeze the surrounding area, creating an arena that can't be left by those in it and can't be entered by those outside of it in any way. Every enemy in the arena takes INTx3 damage every second and become slowed by 60% for the entire 18 second duration. Casting any spell (except W and T-Q) will make you invisible for 3 seconds. The spell ends instantly if Len leaves or is pushed out of the arena.
Skill type: Instant cast
Damage type: Magic
Skill level: 4
Affected Area: 1600
Cooldown: 200s

G2 - The End of the World

Description: After activation, if you receive any more than 400 damage in a 0.5s timeframe, instantly teleport behind the damage source and force them as well as any nearby enemy into a small bubble. At the end of the cast, all enemies are expelled from the bubble and thrown into random directions, dealing INTx60 damage and stunning for 3 seconds.
Skill type: Instant Cast
Damage type: Magic
Succion Radius: 2000
Cooldown: 200s

